Add deployment example for Kubernetes and Docker (#81)
grafana/synthetic-monitoring-agent: examples/kubernetes/README.md

# Kubernetes

Steps:

> - Get Probe Authentication Token for your private probe, [see steps](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/synthetic-monitoring/private-probes/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get a probe Authentication Token for your private probe, [see here for steps](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/synthetic-monitoring/private-probes/)
```

> - Replace `YOUR_TOKEN_HERE` in [secret.yaml](secret.yaml) with your Probe Authentication Token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace `YOUR_TOKEN_HERE` in [secret.yaml](secret.yaml) with your probe Authentication Token
```

> - Apply [namespace.yaml](namespace.yaml) to create `synthetic-monitoring` namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Apply [namespace.yaml](namespace.yaml) to create the `synthetic-monitoring` namespace
```

> - Apply [secret.yaml](secret.yaml) to create `sm-agent-1` secret

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Apply [secret.yaml](secret.yaml) to create the `sm-agent-1` secret
```

> - Now we will apply [deployment.yaml](deployment.yaml) to deploy out agent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Apply [deployment.yaml](deployment.yaml) to deploy your agent
```

Here are these steps as commands:

```bash
kubectl apply -f namespace.yaml
kubectl apply -f secret.yaml
kubectl apply -f deployment.yaml
```

> Now you should have agent reporting as private probe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you should have the agent reporting as private probe.
```

### Production Deployment

> If you are running it in production, you should pin the image version instead of `latest`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running it in production, you should pin the image to an specific version instead of `latest`,
```

see all tags on [docker hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/grafana/synthetic-monitoring-agent)

> We expose Prometheus style metrics (/metrics endpoint) on port 4050 of process(and pod),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The process exposes Prometheus-style metrics on an HTTP server running on port 4050 (/metrics endpoint).
```

> you can scrape and monitor your private probe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can scrape and monitor your private probe in this way using either Prometheus or the Grafana Cloud Agent.
```
